Academic Honesty Statement
CSE220 Spring 2018
By submitting this document for Homework #0, I acknowledge the following:
1. I understand that representing another person's work as my own is
academically dishonest.
2. I understand that copying, even with modifications, a solution from
another source (such as the web or another person) as a part of my answer
constitutes plagiarism.
3. I understand that sharing parts of my homework solutions (text write-up,
schematics, code, electronic or hard-copy) is academic dishonesty and helps
others plagiarize my work.
4. I understand that protecting my work from possible plagiarism is my
responsibility. I understand the importance of saving my work such that
it is visible only to me.
5. I understand that passing information that is relevant to a homework/exam
to others in the course (either lecture or even in the future!) for their
private use constitutes academic dishonesty. I will only discuss material
that I am willing to openly post on the discussion board.
6. I understand that academic dishonesty is treated very seriously in this
course. I understand that the instructor will report any incident of academic
dishonesty to the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
7. I understand that the penalty for academic dishonesty may not be immediately
administered. For instance, cheating in a homework may be discovered and penalized
after the grades for that homework have been recorded.
8. I understand that buying or paying another entity for any code, partial
or in its entirety, and submitting it as my own work is considered academic
dishonesty.
9. I understand that there are no extenuating circumstances for academic
dishonesty.
My full name and Stony Brook University ID number typed below attests my
understanding of the importance of academic honesty, and the penalties
associated with academic dishonesty. I aim to maintain the highest standards of
academic honesty.
Name: Ralph Huang
SBU ID: 110905260
Date: 02/06/18